Hi XXX, pleasure to connect with you. The project I'm developing, Free Our Knowledge, aims to solve the collective action problem in academia -- namely, that individual efforts to improve research culture often have little impact, and worse still, might even harm those individuals' careers relative to 'business as usual' (i.e. chasing flashy publications in high-impact journals). By acting together as part of a larger cohort, we hope to motivate cultural reform without leaving those who 'do the right thing' left by the wayside. 

The platform functions much like Kickstarter, but rather than collecting conditional pledges to donate funds and build new products, Free Our Knowledge collects conditional pledges to adopt new behaviours and change norms in academia. Anyone can create a new campaign asking their peers to adopt a new behaviour (e.g., posting a preprint, publishing in journals XYZ, uploading some data, etc.), subject to there being a critical mass of support in their community (e.g., 100 people in your field). Campaigns are created using our Github repository (see some examples here) and then put out to the crowd via our website. If and when the critical mass of support is met (we are yet to have this happen, but our newest Preregistration campaign looks promising), we will post everyone's name on the website, contact them to let them know their pledge is now active, and gradually check them off on the website as they complete their task.

So far we've hosted campaigns to support open access publishing (effectively defunct) and preregistration (currently at 34% support in Psychology, 4% support in Ecology), but in theory the platform could be used to organise any type of collective action between researchers. As such, I'm very interested to hear from different research communities to find out what problems exist in different fields, and whether there are any collective action campaigns we could host to resolve them. 

Let me know your thoughts, and whether you'd like to meet to discuss any of this. 

XXX also mentioned a regular meeting, at which I'd be happy to present if you think it appropriate.
